[Smartlab]Update smartlab models (#3552)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/intel/smartlab-action-recognition-0001/README.md

![](./assets/frame0001.jpg)

## Example of the output
Output `put_take` action

## Composite model specification
| Metric                                         | Value              |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| Accuracy on the DSI1867                        | TODO               |
| Source framework                               | PyTorch\*          |

## Encoder model specification

The smartlab-action-recognition-encoder-0001 is a Mobilenet-V2 like backbone with convolutional encoder part of the action recognition. 

> To use both top-view and side-view features, there are two similar models called: `smartlab-action-recognition-0001-encoder-side` and `smartlab-action-recognition-0001-encoder-top`, which have the same strcuture but different weights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Encoder models specification

The smartlab-action-recognition-0001-encoder-* are have Mobilenet-V2 like backbone with convolutional encoder part of the action recognition. 

There are two models called: `smartlab-action-recognition-0001-encoder-side` and `smartlab-action-recognition-0001-encoder-top`, which have the same strcuture but different weights.
```

| Metric  | Value |
| ------- | ----- |
| GFlops  | 0.611 |
| MParams | 3.387 |

### Inputs

Image, name: `input_image`, shape: `1, 3, 224, 224` in the `B, C, H, W` format, where:

- `B` - batch size
- `C` - number of channels
- `H` - image height
- `W` - image width
Expected color order is `BGR`

### Outputs

1. Name: `output_feature`, shape: `1, 1280`. Features from encoder part of action recogntion head.

## Decoder model specification

> The smartlab-action-recognition-decoder-0001 is a fully connected decoder part which accepts features from top and front views, computed by encoder and predicts score for action across following label list: `no_action`, `noise_action`,  `adjust_rider`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The smartlab-action-recognition-0001-decoder is a fully connected decoder part which accepts features from top and front views, computed by encoder and predicts score for action across following label list: `no_action`, `noise_action`,  `adjust_rider`
```
